docs: use admonitions in Jest Object page v29 (#13280)
facebook/jest: website/versioned_docs/version-29.0/JestObjectAPI.md

This is usually useful when you have a scenario where the number of dependencies you want to mock is far less than the number of dependencies that you don't. For example, if you're writing a test for a module that uses a large number of dependencies that can be reasonably classified as "implementation details" of the module, then you likely do not want to mock them.

> Examples of dependencies that might be considered "implementation details" are things ranging from language built-ins (e.g. `Array.prototype` methods) to highly common utility methods (e.g. `underscore`, `lo-dash`, array utilities, etc) and entire libraries like `React.js`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Examples of dependencies that might be considered "implementation details" are things ranging from language built-ins (e.g. `Array.prototype` methods) to highly common utility methods (e.g. `underscore`, `lodash`, array utilities, etc) and entire libraries like `React.js`.
```
